bug: apirule: filter events by event type (#2623)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/3.7.0.md

## New Features
- DNSEntry custom resources now support the DualStack IP stack. The operator detects the IP stack of the `istio-ingressgateway` Service by inspecting the **spec.ipFamilies** field and sets the appropriate annotation on the DNSEntry resource. See [issue #2587](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/2587).

## Bug Fixes

> - Fixed slow controller startup by filtering out Service CREATE events in the Service watcher. Previously, the controller queried the API server for every event during cache initialization, causing prolonged startup times. See [PR #2623](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/2623).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The controller now filters out Service CREATE events in the Service watcher instead of querying the API server for every event during cache initialization. The new behavior reduces startup time. See [PR #2623](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/2623).
```
